Addition of new auth-method fields to consul cli commands section (#2769)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/consul/v2.0.x/content/commands/acl/token/create.mdx

#### Command Options

- `-name=<string>` - Specifies an optional name for the token.
  If `Name` is empty and you use the [auth method TokenNameFormat
  parameter](/consul/api-docs/acl/auth-methods#tokennameformat), Consul

>   generates the token name from the `TokenNameFormat` value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If empty, Consul generates the name from the
  [TokenNameFormat](/consul/api-docs/acl/auth-methods#tokennameformat) value.
```

Author: Done.

#### Command Options

> - `-name=<string>` - Specifies an optional friendly name. If empty and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `-name=<string>` - Specifies an optional name for the token. If empty and
```

Also applies to other versions.

>   auth-method TokenNameFormat is specified, then name is generated from it.

Reviewer 2: Maybe here it is worth putting a link to the parameter definition for AuthMethod.

Also applies to other versions.

Author: Updated
